README.md, before:

# AlphabetSoupChallenge
module 19 challenge
 
#### The dataset that held the charity data was imported using pandas read_csv() and a data frame was created.  The dataframe has the following columns, and their characterizations:
#### EIN and NAME    —Identification columns         -removed from dataframe
#### APPLICATION_TYPE—Alphabet Soup application type -FEATURE: classification into 2 classes
#### AFFILIATION     —Affiliated sector of industry  -FEATURE: classification into 2 classes
#### CLASSIFICATION  —Government organization classification -FEATURE: classification into 2 classes
#### USE_CASE        —Use case for funding           -FEATURE: classification into 2 classes
#### ORGANIZATION    —Organization type              -FEATURE: classification into 2 classes
#### STATUS          —Active status                  -removed from dataframe
#### INCOME_AMT      —Income classification          -FEATURE: classification into 2 classes, none vs any
#### SPECIAL_CONSIDERATIONS—Special consideration for application -removed from dataframe
#### ASK_AMT         —Funding amount requested       - removed from dataframe
#### IS_SUCCESSFUL   —Was the money used effectively -TARGET

Commit message:

readme file needs more work

README.md, after:

# AlphabetSoupChallenge
module 19 challenge
 
#### The dataset that held the charity data was imported using pandas read_csv() and a data frame was created.  The dataframe has the following columns, and their characterizations:
#### EIN and NAME    —Identification columns         -removed from dataframe
#### APPLICATION_TYPE—Alphabet Soup application type -FEATURE: classification into 5 classes
#### AFFILIATION     —Affiliated sector of industry  -FEATURE: classification into 2 classes
#### CLASSIFICATION  —Government organization classification -FEATURE: classification into 2 classes
#### USE_CASE        —Use case for funding           -FEATURE: classification into 2 classes
#### ORGANIZATION    —Organization type              -FEATURE: classification into 2 classes
#### STATUS          —Active status                  -removed from dataframe
#### INCOME_AMT      —Income classification          -FEATURE: converted to float, used the interval midpoint and capped at 1M
#### SPECIAL_CONSIDERATIONS—Special consideration for application -removed from dataframe
#### ASK_AMT         —Funding amount requested       - converted to float
#### IS_SUCCESSFUL   —Was the money used effectively -TARGET

### This project is not finished, more to come this week.
